the BBC Earth's podcast returns as soon
as I was airborne it was just a totally
stunning landscape amazing swirling
colors of the tundra and purples and
greens and whites and things we'll be
taking you on a journey from our
beautiful but changing environment here
on earth we had two beautiful storms
quite far away five or six lightning
strikes every second with the Milky Way
right in between to some less explored
corners of the universe imagine how it
feels to discover a bear in your garden
there's something majestic about a bear
when you see it it is one of those
things that is still mesmerizing or what
it might be like to live on another
planet up above the sulfuric acid clouds
and Venus if you had an oxygen mask on
or something you could walk around in
your t-shirt and shorts Neil could be
okay
the BBC Earth podcast close your eyes
open your ears and subscribe wherever
you get your podcasts